hey whats up guys its sugar here and
welcome to a brand new video today we're
going to be opening up some cases on
hell case i did five dollars to my
account so not a lot of money but i'm
not very rich so this is basically all i
can afford for a video but we're going
to try out the new rainbow case we're
gonna open up nine of these and maybe
we'll make some profit if we do we're
going to give away some of these skins
that we unbox so if you guys want a
chance to win them just leave a like on
the video and leave some comments down
below anyways guys let's start opening
these cases
[Music]
let's open the first one there's a lot
of awesome cases in here a lot
knock-knock k so this is a lot of
awesome skins in here like especially
the the Nova hyper beast and like the
battlestar these are probably the best
and we got the matter oh my god Reed is
ripped well we just ripped so hard on
the first one all right it's all good
cuz if we unbox like one of these
high-end skins like one of these good
skins then we're gonna make profits so
case number two let's go let's go and
we're gonna get Oh another mutter two in
a row so we just ripped the first two
cases have a feeling that you have a
very high chance of getting mutters and
you have a very low chance of getting
anything else maybe a temp number three
we're gonna get something else okay I'm
minute storm nice field-tested still
lost money ah damn it I'm just really
really hoping for a nova hyper base like
a stat tracking over hyper beast that
would be perfect alright and we're gonna
get a lumen a strim ok Oh yo dude dollar
town let's go all right we actually
doubled our money on this one that's not
too bad nice let's go 110 or 110 dollars
dollar and ten cents let's go boys all
right and on this one we're gonna get a
matter of course oh my got when you get
the mutter it's basically just like Oh
trip money that's cuz it's absolutely
the worst thing you can get in this case
I come on come oh all cardiac nope we
got the mutter I knew that was gonna
happen we almost got the cardiac but we
got the freaking we got the mutter again
like we've gotten so many of them it's
like you have a ninety-nine percent
chance of getting mutters and come on oh
no another murder we almost got the
Glock wraiths which isn't worth very
much but still it would have been better
than the four cents on this case oh my
god so we're gonna have one last time
and come on hopefully we get something
good come on let's go okay midnight room
nice and it's Phil test rip okay we're
gonna sell all these mutters so sell
sell sell sell and all we're gonna all
that sucks we're not gonna have enough
money um for another case okay you know
what let's try the illustrated mil-spec
because i usually have much better luck
with the mil spec case so i'm kind of
sad we basically ripped all of our money
on that case so in my opinion it's not
really the best case in the world
because you're going to lose money on
majority to 10 and we have a Spectre
fifteen cents oh crap you know what fine
I'll take it so we pretty much this
ripped five dollars right there or we
got a dollar thirty-five cents
thirty-five cents fifteen cents so
basically made like two dollars back so
um this was a huge oh and that's giving
me errors I'll try again later thank you
so much for watching the video if you
guys enjoyed it drop a like leave a
comment down below if you guys want to
win some of these beautiful knife skins
we're gonna be giving away a couple of
these it's gonna be pretty sick so all I
gotta do is just leave a comment and
leave a like on the video and I'm going
to be picking some random comments and
be getting all I'll basically asked you
for your steam tradelink and then i'll
send you the skins and it's gonna be
pretty sick thank you so much for
watching it too boy trouble hand i'm up
peace